Update field engineer to Subsea IoT Deployment Engineer (#293)
subnero1/subnero1.github.io: careers/index.md

At Subnero, we believe that quality is key since our reputation drives our success. Quality comes naturally when everyone owns the task they undertake, does it with pride, and gives it their best. We also practice a culture of openness and continual improvement, giving and accepting timely feedback. We don't believe in being constrained by conventional thinking -- no idea is too crazy to discuss! We like people who think out of the box, innovate, and come up with solutions that push the boundaries of what is possible.

---

> ## Subsea IoT Deployment Engineer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Subsea IoT Engineer
```

> We are seeking a Subsea IoT Deployment Engineer to join our team. In this role, you will collaborate closely with Project and Product Managers and Engineers to facilitate the testing of our products and solutions both in controlled lab environments and during fields trials at sea or in marina environments. You will be responsible for designing and executing comprehensive test plans, ensuring the quality and performance of our offerings meet the highest standards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are seeking a Subsea IoT Deployment Engineer to join our team. In this role, you will collaborate closely with Product Managers and Engineers to facilitate testing our products and solutions in controlled lab environments as well as during field trials at sea. You will be responsible for designing and executing comprehensive test plans, ensuring the quality and performance of our offerings meet the highest standards.
```

- Maintain accurate records of activities, including test cases, results, and observations.
- Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure alignment of testing and demonstration efforts with project timelines and objectives.

### Qualifications

> - Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Ocean Engineering, or a related field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bachelor’s degree in engineering, or a related field.
```

- Proven experience in subsea engineering, IoT deployment, or underwater robotics, preferably in an offshore or marine environment.

> - Experience in subsea system communication protocols, such as acoustic modems, RF communication, and satellite communication is preferred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Experience with communication protocols, such as acoustic modems, RF communication, or satellite communication will be valuable.
```

Otherwise this is gonna be hard to find anyone.

- Proficiency in programming languages commonly used in IoT applications, such as Python, C/C++, Java/Groovy.

> - Familiarity with subsea sensors, actuators, data loggers, and other instrumentation used for environmental monitoring and control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Familiarity with subsea sensors, actuators, data loggers, and other instrumentation used for environmental monitoring and control would be valuable.
```

- Experience with project management methodologies, including planning, scheduling, budgeting, and risk management.
- Excellent problem-solving skills and the ability to work effectively in challenging and dynamic environments.
- Strong communication skills, both written and verbal, with the ability to interact professionally with clients, vendors, and team members.
- Willingness to travel for project deployments and fieldwork.

> My Careers Future [link](https://www.mycareersfuture.gov.sg/job/076c10db3ddd115c6da09c6ec9e45512)

---

> ## Embedded Software Engineer (Linux Based Platforms)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Systems Software Engineer
```

> You will be involved in developing and deploying embedded software and frameworks for various Subnero product offerings. As a part of the software team at Subnero, you will be working closely with the hardware team to develop software for core Subnero products in the domain of underwater networking and robotics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will be involved in developing and deploying embedded software for various Subnero product offerings. As a part of the software team at Subnero, you will be working closely with the hardware team to develop software for core Subnero products in the domain of underwater communication and networking.
```

#### Roles & Responsibilities
- Design, develop, and test software on embedded / Linux platforms in C/C++/Java/Groovy/Julia/Rust.
- Setup, build and manage embedded Linux systems on hardware platforms developed in-house.
- Design, develop, and test Linux drivers, such as Ethernet, USB, I2C, SPI, and UART.
- Design, develop and test software for micro-controllers.

> - Support electronics hardware design.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support electronics hardware design team with design inputs and software for prototyping and testing.
```
